README.md, before:

# Dnn Telerik Identifier
This is a free utility that will look at all code currently running on your DNN Platform installation and identify any code that references Telerik.

## Purpose

This tool has been provided to help those considering following the optional Telerik Removal steps to understand the potential risks within their own environment.

## Suggested Actions

If this tool identifies any assemblies that are using Telerik it is recommended that you *NOT* attempt removal of Telerik until you are able to remove the offending code, or upgrade the code to a newer version that no longer has a dependency on Telerik.

If the tool does NOT identify anything abnormal, you should still proceed with caution as there are still some situations that it might not detect, howeever, it is less likely.

Once completed we suggest removing this module from your installation.

## Demo Video

[![DEMO Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2zzpOFel2M0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zzpOFel2M0 "Demo Video")

### Need Help?

If you need help with your installation and the removal of Telerik be sure to reach out!

Commit message:

Clarify deprecation of DNN Telerik Identifier
Update README to indicate deprecation of the identifier process.

README.md, after:

>[!NOTE]
> This is no longer supported, the identifier process is included in DNN Platform and automatic for removal in 10.0.0 and later.

# Dnn Telerik Identifier
This is a free utility that will look at all code currently running on your DNN Platform installation and identify any code that references Telerik.

## Purpose

This tool has been provided to help those considering following the optional Telerik Removal steps to understand the potential risks within their own environment.

## Suggested Actions

If this tool identifies any assemblies that are using Telerik it is recommended that you *NOT* attempt removal of Telerik until you are able to remove the offending code, or upgrade the code to a newer version that no longer has a dependency on Telerik.

If the tool does NOT identify anything abnormal, you should still proceed with caution as there are still some situations that it might not detect, howeever, it is less likely.

Once completed we suggest removing this module from your installation.

## Demo Video

[![DEMO Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2zzpOFel2M0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zzpOFel2M0 "Demo Video")

### Need Help?

If you need help with your installation and the removal of Telerik be sure to reach out!
